Update 2021-08-23-free-virtual-developer-day-auth-for-all.md (#873)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2021-08-23-free-virtual-developer-day-auth-for-all.md

I hope to see you there!

> >**Note:** Developer Day sessions will be available in the platform until September 17th, so don’t hesitate to register even if you can’t join us synchronously in real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Developer Day sessions will be available in the platform until September 17th, so don't hesitate to register even if you can't join us synchronously in real-time.
```

Change quotes.
